with that away champion nonito Donaire a
first off we're here post my press
conference for toshiaki Nishioka if i
said that right and I Rafael Marquez
what are your thoughts on the fight
excellent fight I was very entertaining
the guys came out there with with
everything they got you know Marquez who
did a great job Nishioka did an
excellent job actually with with with
changing his tactic and leading with the
straight to take away what Marquez had
it wasn't it was it very entertaining
and I know it was a very important fight
for you because you're being mentioned
is fighting the winner whose the shield
yes you're thinking of that at the same
time you're training for omar narvaez on
october twenty second let's start with
the training how's that going well
trading is good I think that after this
I'm gonna train even harder because I
know what what's ahead of me after
narvaez I don't want to look past our
bias because right now I've been
actually just going with the flow you
know now that I've seen this fight I
gotta I gotta get my up by my I gotta
give my game up you know because i get i
have to get past of nervous that he's an
excellent fighter you know it's a great
champion and i want to be on the other
side where I'm fighting Ashoka and I'm
nervous you know it undefeated fighter
but a lot of people don't know much
about him almost I think all this fights
actually been in Argentina what can you
tell the fans about a man that Mussina
well one thing is that he's still
undefeated you know he's defended his
title for so many times in the flyweight
and in the super bantamweight in the
bantamweight and I coming up to the
bantamweight I me too wait a minute
super flyweight flyweight in the group
of super flyweight in the abandoned wait
he's coming up to bantamweight and
that's where he stops
are you uh regardless of the resort are
you definitely moving up to 122 after
you tell me you know I'm trying really
hard for this fight and I think it's
getting really strenuous you are like
you mentioned you gotta fight one advice
already been brought here for your
possible next fight there's talks of you
fighting gumbo I mean does it motivate
you more does it get distracting to have
so many great fights already lined up
for you it's it's distracting but you
know this is why I'm here in this fight
because now now I know what I want to do
and I want to fight these guys you know
and that's why I gotta train hard I
can't I can't slow down we just talked
to horror are say who also wants to
fight you to throw another name but all
the talk that I've heard is that you
would fight him for his belt but he made
it sound like he wants to go down to 118
what is there any reason we stay 118
after the nightriders fight now I think
that I want to move up in weight you
know there's a reason if the guys at 118
the best guys in 182 want to fight then
I can probably do that but you know I've
waited too long I've waited to log in
the 112 at one time another one I don't
want to wait too long at 180 when I have
all this excitement fight exciting
fights once way to initial car said all
these guys you know so
that's where that's what the party is
what we see the best- to the x ray at
122 I'm hoping I'm hoping that someone
can bring that out out of me and I'm
hoping that that that someone could
bring it out out of me in trading as
well so you know I want to I want to do
the best that I can every time and I
want to as well keep getting better i
think that that's why i seek to fight
the best out there i seek to fight the
champions in every division that I go up
is because I seek to be the best what I
can do on it up we were you having a
fight it's kind of almost hard to access
these questions but I had 122 is a lot
of great fighters but like I said
there's already a lot of talks of you
possibly fighting on board and one of
the biggest fight in boxing will you be
looking to stay are 122 to clean up the
division would it be pick up one or two
fights and then move right up I want to
clean up the division I really do have
to get the vision if I cat that's that's
proving to me that that I am ready to
move up to 126 you know I don't want to
go into skip and just because this is
this and there's bigger opportunity I
believe that if i take 122 and then be
ready for 126 and i'm ready forward 26
if Cibola and all those other guys are
still there I'm there um you know you'll
never see me back out of a good fight
what do you rate your fighting 1mon
advice I 118 maybe you could have moved
up what are you rate or my advice as far
as far as the fighters in fourths so far
did you stay because it was a really
good fighter or you wanted one more
fighter one I wanted one more final 118
we're trying to unify the belts but the
other chapters work
available you know so what were fights
you know I'm not going to wait for them
you know if they don't want to you know
they don't want to make it happen
there's gonna be talks have been doing
this and doing that if they can make it
happen this make it happen but I'm not
going down I'm moving up and went with
you I feel strong 122 and I think that
this bigger opportunities at 126 but
going back to Narvaez I don't know much
about Narvaez all I know is that he's
undefeated and it gives me great
challenge to take that that that zero
from him you know and give him one and
and I think that that I've always
because I've always wanted to fight him
since I was at 11 12 but uh when I was
the IPF champion and IBO champion I
wanted to unify the belt but we could
make it happen now we made this happen
at least I get to get that away if you
have a message for the fans out there
like always been our thank you guys for
just everything discontinued probably of
my facebook and filipino flash and my
twitter so you know but mainly as well
thank you guys for supporting me and
hopefully that you guys can can get this
what I say helps hopefully you guys can
say to actually stay tuned for my next
fight stay tuned for my next fight I
will do my best and because you guys are
one of my motivation so thank you guys
for everything and a message for your
Latino boxing fans we left ido estoy
entrenando duro para esta para estoy
haciendo so I said oh pero no miento
something like that but one thing what
Robert told me who ever told e says this
is what you guys say boy boy can that I
avoid another pelea is it working that
la is that right yeah yeah boy cannella
padilla a chorus odd dildos make a nose
that's what he said so that's what he
wants me to say but now for for for the
Latino fans out there on you know from
everywhere you know from from mexico
from from sons from from Puerto Rico
from everywhere you know the Latinos out
there you guys have supported me well
you know and and and I will do my best
to entertain you guys to hopefully you
guys will pray for me and then support
me but mainly I thank you guys for a
forgiving boxing life and forgiving me
as a fighter life and and do my best so
muchas gracias